Allow unstable dependencies in Kotlin DSL buildscripts (#25472)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

}
```

#### Build scripts now accept dependencies compiled with Kotlin K2 compiler

The Kotlin team continues to stabilize the [K2 compiler](https://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/2023/02/k2-kotlin-2-0/).
Starting with Kotlin 1.9.0-RC and until the release of Kotlin 2.0, you can easily test the K2 compiler in your projects.
Add `-Pkotlin.experimental.tryK2=true` to your command line invocations or add it to your `gradle.properties` file:

```properties
kotlin.experimental.tryK2=true
```

> This Gradle property automatically sets the language version to 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this Gradle property also sets the language version to 2.0.
```

> Starting with this version of Gradle the compilation of `.gradle.kts` build scripts accept dependencies compiled with Kotlin K2 compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this version of Gradle, the compilation of `.gradle.kts` build scripts accepts dependencies compiled with Kotlin K2 compiler.
```

> This allows for example to try out K2 in builds that use Kotlin 1.9 and have Kotlin code in `buildSrc` or in included builds for build logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it possible to try out K2 in builds that use Kotlin 1.9 and have Kotlin code in `buildSrc` or in included builds for build logic.
```

Note that if you use the [`kotlin-dsl` plugin](userguide/kotlin_dsl.html#sec:kotlin-dsl_plugin) in your build logic, you will also need to explicitly set the Kotlin language version to 2.0:

```kotlin
tasks.withType<KotlinCompile>().configureEach {
    compilerOptions {
        apiVersion = KotlinVersion.KOTLIN_2_0
        languageVersion = KotlinVersion.KOTLIN_2_0
    }
}
```

> Moreover, at this stage K2 doesn't support scripting, it will not work with [precompiled script plugins](userguide/custom_plugins.html#sec:precompiled_plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, at this stage, K2 doesn't support scripting, so it will not work with [precompiled script plugins](userguide/custom_plugins.html#sec:precompiled_plugins).
```
